# Slide 2
What is javascript?
Well, to answer that, let's first begin by answering these questions first:
    - What is _the internet_?
    - What is _HTML_?
    and
    - What is _programming_?















# Slide 3
So, what is the internet?
It's a set of interconnected devices.
It enforces standard communication protocols





# Slide 3/1
It is the product of client-server relationships
A client is a requester of information.
    Typically, we think of the client as the _surfer_ or _browser_ of the internet.
A server is a sender of information.
    Typically we think of the server as the sender of information.
This dynamic is the innerworkings of the entire internet.







# Slide 3/2
To view a webpage, a client must first send a request to a server.
    This means any time you click a link, you are actually sending a message to a server asking to view an HTML document.
    The message you are sending is called a request.
        And the reason we call it such, is because there is no guarantee that you will be given the information being requested.
    These requests are sent to the server in a language called HTTP.
        HTTP is specifically designed to tell web servers and browsers what action to take in response to various commands.






# Slide 3/3
The server can be thought of as the provider, servicer, or most acceptably, server of information
The server awaits requests from a client.
    We call this waiting process "listening".
Requests are responded to in the form of HTTP messages and subsequently a viewable HTML document, also known as a "webpage".




















# Slide 4
What is HTML?
HTML is the standard _mark up_ language used to display documents in a web browser.
It was inspired by the _marking up_ of paper manuscripts.
    For example, the revision instructions by editors before a final print were done by _marking up_ a draft.
Each of these marked up documents are called _HTML Documents_.
    They are considered web pages when they are being hosted on a server which makes them accessible via the web.







# Slide 4/1
* 
* [Click here](./proofread-marks.png) to view proofreed-mark symbols.